README.md, before:

# jp-pokemon-cafe
This is a time slot booking bot for the Pokémon Café in Japan, inspired by https://medium.com/@patrickgwl/how-to-get-a-pok%C3%A9mon-cafe-reservation-in-japan-daccd1835237 article. The bot is a Python script leveraging Selenium. It can book time slots for both the Tokyo and Osaka Pokémon Café branches.

Bookings open daily at 10 AM Japan time for dates 31 days ahead. New batches of available time slots are released at 10:20 AM and 10:40 AM. The main challenge is that during peak times (10:00, 10:20, 10:40), the café's server often gets overloaded. When this happens, you'll receive a temporary message to refresh the page, and you'll be redirected to the main page.

The script handles this by validating such redirections and repeatedly refreshing the page until you reach the booking page. You have 15 minutes to complete the booking. It's not fully automated; you'll need to manually input your name, email, and other details to complete the reservation. Once done, you'll receive a confirmation email.

Using this approach, I successfully booked a time slot in September 2024.

Commit message:

# Pokemon cafe reservation booking tool (Tokyo or Osaka) #-----------------------------------------------------
# Run code to open reservation page. Script will pause for 15 seconds to allow user to pass human test
# Human check is required every 7-10 min

# Added a location parameter for user to select between Tokyo and Osaka
# Added text_to_find to output messages to clarify code status
# Added error handling for advancing calendar month during high traffic
# Updated XPath date search to only select unique dates (i.e. if future_date.day = 2, do not select previous month's 27 day)

# Successful reservation on 3/21/25

README.md, after:

# jp-pokemon-cafe
This is a time slot booking bot for the Pokémon Café in Japan, inspired by https://medium.com/@patrickgwl/how-to-get-a-pok%C3%A9mon-cafe-reservation-in-japan-daccd1835237 article. The bot is a Python script leveraging Selenium. It can book time slots for both the Tokyo and Osaka Pokémon Café branches.

The user must edit the user defined parameters for cafe location and number of guests before running. The updated script opens a new webpage, and waits 15 seconds for the user to complete the human test.

Bookings open daily at 6 PM Japan time for dates 31 days ahead. New batches of available time slots are released at 6:20 PM and 6:40 PM (slots can be seen as late as 7:40 PM). The main challenge is that during peak times (18:00, 18:20, 18:40), the café's server often gets overloaded. When this happens, you'll receive a temporary message to refresh the page, and you'll be redirected to the main page.

The script handles this by validating such redirections and repeatedly refreshing the page until you reach the booking page. You have 15 minutes to complete the booking. It's not fully automated; you'll need to manually input your name, email, and other details to complete the reservation. Once done, you'll receive a confirmation email.

Using this approach, I successfully booked a time slot in March 2025.
